Review of "Digital Art Series I&II"
===================================

Recently, we had the honor of hosting two inspirational art lectures by
the internationally acclaimed and very creative media artist Lucia
Jeesun Lee (aka[@smellsdreamy](https://twitter.com/smellsdreamy)).

In the first lecture, ‘Introduction to Digital Art I - When artists
become geeks or vice versa’, Lucia gave us a peek into the exciting and
diverse trends currently happening in digital art.  Her talk took
attendees on a fascinating journey through this colorful area of
converging technologies.  Where Musicians, Designers, Entrepreneurs,
Filmmakers, Writers, Architects, Hackers, Inventors, Engineers,
Urbanists, Scientists, Choreographers as well as Magicians are currently
finding new ways to use technology in their practices.

You can find the slides for ‘Introduction to Digital Art I’ here:
[](https://www.dropbox.com/s/72oekls988u494w/digital_art_lecture_1_lucia_lee.ppt)<https://www.dropbox.com/s/72oekls988u494w/digital_art_lecture_1_lucia_lee.ppt>

The intrigued audience hurried to her second lecture, ’Introduction to
Digital Art II - Mapping’, where she took them deeper into the curious
world of online digital mapping.   Lucia’s solid selection of artists
and her thoughtful interpretations helped a very eager audience to see
how images of our modern, sometimes hectic world, once frozen in time
could be appropriated and transformed into expressive and highly
unconventional pieces of contemporary art.  In addition, she kindly
provided some great resources for those looking to jump in and do their
own projects.

Both her lectures were enriched with lively discussions at the end as
well as a very enjoyable after-parties.

These valuable events couldn’t have happened without the generous
support of two great organizations, Hub Seoul and World Culture Open
Seoul Office, who graciously opened up their wonderful venues to Seoul
Tech Society members.

**Hub Seoul**\
![image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/9QPjmwC57S5muRmizwQHYCDqfgGYWVGF3xYdzF-4TmvtXrOk2TYUFVAAocRtFrfJobjAEiScUlWxwOD6MJF3a0Ty5d50fhET3uHx0nVq002nNTFkDoynfHRL)\
**WCO**\
![image](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/PqLzDtQvhxhCmQcSHB5gA226FEl7hGrXsXh8-rqmOo7jdqdEJBUuTq7unWYoB2IsCL_pUCDv3cLt8NAlINEu72HcB6qTRtl0yGZ4C4FrXaweETpvMn9iFJBr)

**Hub Seoul** [www.hubseoul.net](http://www.hubseoul.net) /
[www.facebook.com/hubseoul](http://www.facebook.com/hubseoul)\
is originally a quite co-working space, where everyone can find a handy
corner to concentrate on their project, for a reasonable fee.\
For us, It smoothly transformed in a space, which welcomed our first
event. It was one of the reasons to give a successful start to these
series of lectures.

**World Culture Open Seoul Office** <http://wcoseoul.org/xe/>\
is the free space in the heart of Seoul for diverse cultural events. We
are very thankful to WCO and glad that we contributed bringing culture
and technologies closer to each other.

We will look forward to hear more fascinating talks from Lucia and
discover over welcoming spaces.


