Seoul Tech Rises To Samsung Challenge
=====================================

In the space of two weeks, the WeeSeeTeam has gone on a hackathon
journey which began at a Seoul Tech Society event
@[NFlabs](http://www.nflabs.com/) and has rapidly moved onto development
at one of Samsung’s dedicated development centers in the heart of
Gangnam.

In November, more than two dozen Seoul Tech Society members came
together at NFLabs office space in Gangnam. Seven members discussed
entering the final SAMSUNG App Challenge for 2013.  The contest aims to
award innovative applications that showcase the Galaxy Note’s S-Pen. The
goal is ambitious: two winning teams have the potential to each get a
\$200,000 grand prize, and the WeeSee Team is now poised to come out a
winner.

WeeSee is uniquely positioned because of its diversity and depth of
talent, which is typical of the Seoul Tech Society’s membership.
 Hailing from all around the world and from various professional
backgrounds, the WeeSee team has brought together a collegial group of
vegetarians, gamers, entrepreneurs, and hackers.

For the first few weeks the team had been meeting together in Mullae and
Hongdae, but later secured free office space complimentary of Samsung.
 The team has been finalizing the beta version of  their productivity
app which aims to disrupt the way people collaborate and share notes.
The app developed by WeeSee will enter a crowded productivity category
led by brands such as Evernote.  The app differentiates itself with its
use of the Samsung S-Pen stylus, and it allows users the ability to
experience more while working with others.

Before submitting their application on December 31st, the team is
searching for additional members to join them in either a design or
development role.  Requirements:

The candidates can be a UX/UI Design specialist and/or a (mobile)
applications developer who is familiar with any of the following:

- Mobile application development Samsung/Android

- Photoshop

- Android design guide principles

- Action bar / status bar / navbar for current mobile applications

- Icons for mobile apps

- Branding and theme for Android / Samsung

If you think you can contribute to the team in any way, please feel free
to send an e-mail to <weeseeteam@gmail.com>  or follow this
([link](http://www.meetup.com/seoul-tech-society/messages/boards/thread/40367552#113451732)).
 

More info about the Samsung App Challenge here
([link](http://developer.samsung.com/ssac2013/note/aboutTheChallenge.do))

![image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/xQIgrpMLSuyFnO75mQUeFOKR5lBiQ_kj08eO1IWmFNM7PYeVnMo6I-JpvmZyO9RkbVFk9Vndu3BSKd91t21IqB9-MilG5ENygc6lJDWdqE8ahOj2IxEhr-rQCQ)

Inception @ Mullae Art Center

![image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WVVUTctvcvzM8gIRTNB0LSMlkiYndtqXmhc60DMpy2s8Nq4olns-pslBj-5XMqtkoBf2n_K-D-_mKD8_tmxAtZBaI82weDNjaQ1gjoR47QaUfMZDmJvDrdtV7w)

Brainstorming  → App Deep Dive II  @ Insight Hongdae

![image](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/lLXIXgt9LDO0hiMHhvu6EG938CpKou4Qz1PWwvRTrh2DfwIjwslOUPGeA30WSVcsGeRIooRVCqTOR5IP8ZUUX4C8bYZqjzWK04wvHV2-vNk5BplJWfzQ4EFZdA)

Cheers: first milestone  @
NFLabs![image](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/fCzX3pYGxn36vK8Nd53ZLhrE0bF75t1ul1cx8ZMhamRFhqfqO1cuByw1OQI_jzhzVfYAxYyKQPANcb_z7IP3KSX3WEUaqR1dDBRCDYKLmnsScu9sh7KB3vwm3w)

Our first demo @ Samsung Ocean

![image](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/OHz8t5pQ1sYzsg3t79s8-GxhF9s99SbiBUsHUhrmitN_rPdVFXFx9V1bODtjOML1nlAdfJKbwepCt24nbUfS7wbQ4AB9zhDSrFYywBpNYQGRaLsP8KMBJWSZ9Q)

Deep immersion for the best product   →  App Deep Dive I @ NFLabs

![image](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/N6fBPGlzAmwYUoc6SazOE4BteT0iGMSQ33W4_gS2mRYM0IPlW3rkDw43X8R7MAUJWX2vFJdX7VuVBCPYnhPMbkQXvJExRetw2xEb3bBrqBiNumYxIOWZPXF6-g)

                                                              Jackson
[Google+](https://plus.google.com/113799495386801196546)


