---
title: Popular science: eHealth trends w/ Dr. Ogan Gurel, March 16
date: 2014-03-09
---

RSVP <http://www.meetup.com/seoul-tech-society/events/169900682/>

Our speaker this time is **Dr. Ogan Gurel** ([LinkedIn
profile](http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=1531386)), a prominent
researcher and professional in the area
of [mHealth](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MHealth) and [digital
medicine](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/09/science/redefining-medicine-with-apps-and-ipads-the-digital-doctor.html).
He will introduce us to the world of emerging eHealth technologies.

![image]({{images}}/ehealth-poster.jpeg)

If you want to team-up with smart and creative people of Seoul Tech
Society, stay for the second part of the event! There will be a
brainstorming session where we can put newly acquired knowledge to work
and come up with an idea of an eHealth application together. 

**Agenda **

4pm–5pm: eHealth trends by Dr. Ogan Gurel

5pm–6pm: brainstorming and teamup for an eHealth application

**About Dr. Gurel **

Dr. Gurel is a Director in the MOT Research Center / CTO Office at the
Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology (SAIT).  He also holds an
academic appointment as a Visiting Professor at the Samsung Advanced
Institute for Health Sciences and Technology (SAIHST) of SungKyunKwan
University.  Previously he was VP & Medical Director at Sg2 and an
Associate at Booz, Allen & Hamilton where he consulted for both large
and small clients spanning the healthcare services, health insurance,
biopharma and medical device sectors.  

His expertise covers the healthcare industry widely, including the
clinical, business, executive management, marketing and R&D, with direct
experience along several verticals: medical devices, mobile health,
healthcare IT, medical imaging, and pharmaceuticals. His scientific
research focuses on structural biology, specifically protein
electrodynamics and terahertz medicine. 

His computer science interests included work on microprocessor software
development systems, followed by robot programming systems work.

**Venue**

[Idea
Factory](http://www.idea-factory.kr/index_english.html): Gangnam-gu,
Yeoksam-dong, 825-22, B2F Milim tower annex, Gangnam station exit 1

![]({{images}}/ehealth-idea-factory.jpg)


