---
title: Launch Lab followup
date: 2014-07-11
---
There was a relaxing, fun and engaging exchange of ideas at Coffee Zaroo
in Bojeong during the 1st Seoul Tech Society ‘Launch Lab’.

{{fold}}

Brief presentations were followed by inspirational discussions that
varied between highly technical to philosophical implications about the
ideas presented.

![image]({{images}}/launchlab-followup-1.jpg)

Mobile malware analysis plugin

Nikolay briefly explained about mobile malware threats. He invited
developers and researchers to expand on his open source mobile forensic
investigation plugin with dynamic analysis and collaboration
capabilities. Join him if you are interested in malware research,
programming and/or plugin and tools development.

Ultrasound diagnostics with mobiles

Next, Phillip discussed in-home options for ultrasound processing, and
how processing  on the cloud could affect medical diagnostics in the
future. This area has a number of challenges including mobile device
development, hardware development, cloud development and image
classification, among others. Join him if you are interested in
health-related tech.

Bitcoin and social music networks

Jackson enlightened the audience with entertaining talk about
discovering potential new applications of bitcoin and social music
networks to promote (and compensate) original as well as cover artists.
Contact him if you are interested in bitcoin, social networks and/or
music!

Bitple: Hollywood meets Bitcoin

Next a group from Bitple continued the topic of bitcoin with their idea
to apply it for a cinema-related bitcoin betting platform. Contact them
if you are interested in bitcoin, web development and/or movie tracking
systems.

*\*Note: Online gambling is illegal in Korea. SeoulTech does not support
or condone illegal activities. We see this as a learning project, and
assume any implementation would be in accordance with laws of the
country it is implemented.*

ESL Language assistance app

Campbell discussed his ESL Language assistance app that lets students
and teachers focus on their own language learning journey and style. The
app attempts to better customize learning process of the user. Contact
him if you are interested in app development or alternative teaching
strategies.

Social language learning app

Jan showed a beta version of his social language learning app that
allows users to use peer-based language learning in their normal social
networking activities. Participate with Jan if you want to learn a
language, be a beta tester or design/develop the new version of the app.

![image]({{images}}/launchlab-followup-2.jpg)

**Idea Open Mic**

Next, we had two presenters in the “Idea Open Mic” session.

The first was a group of volunteers that offer free weekend Korean
language courses in Migeum. If you are in the area, please contact
<issue0911@gmail.com> for more information.

Travelers service app for Jakarta

Novi asked about feedback from everyone about a possible service in
Jakarta to help travelers discovering local attractions. Do you know a
social service app that is popular in Asia and should be adopted in
Indonesia? Please contact her if you have ideas about the best way to
share information about local attractions, and walking tours.

![image]({{images}}/launchlab-followup-3.jpg)

**Open Mic Music Night**

But that’s not all! After the dinner all those who decided to relax
outside of Seoul stayed for the open mic music night, and enjoyed near
professional performances of Korean and American songs as well as a fun
one form Russia.

We are looking forward to hearing your feedback about your ‘Launch Lab’
experience. Do you think it was useful? Interesting? Want more
refreshments? Let us know!

Reach us at *contacts@seoultechsociety.org* with feedback or for help to
connect with presenters. 


