---
title: The Rise of Cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin & Beyond, @DCamp, May 24
date: 2013-05-15
---

Interested in Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies?Ever wondered how to
trade or spend Bitcoin in Korea? Is Bitcoin the currency of the future
or a flop?                             

Come join us at our **"The Rise Of Cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin &
Beyond"** event at [D-Camp](http://dcamp.kr/about_en) on Saturday, May
24!

[Seoul Tech Society](http://www.seoultechsociety.org/), [Seoul Bitcoin
Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Seoul-Bitcoin-Meetup-%EC%84%9C%EC%9A%B8-%EB%B9%84%ED%8A%B8%EC%BD%94%EC%9D%B8-%EB%AA%A8%EC%9E%84/),
and lead Korean Bitcoin
startups [Korbit](https://www.korbit.co.kr/) and [Coinplug](https://www.coinplug.com/home.do) will
come together to discuss past, present, and future of cryptocurrencies. 

Great people and thought-provoking discussions are guaranteed!

![](https://31.media.tumblr.com/3d967e30abbb9ed61ed8a81dbaf98f0d/tumblr_inline_n5lxh3ORxj1qz73mc.png)

 **Agenda**

**13:00 Reception **

**13:15 Introduction to Bitcoin** 

*Ruben Somsen, Seoul Bitcoin Meetup*

**13:40 The non-monetary applications of Bitcoin**

*Jason Park, Korbit * 

**14:20 Bitcoin adoption worldwide and Coinplug in Korea**

*Evelyn Chung, Coinplug*   

**14:50 Political and philosophical ideas behind the creation
of cryptocurrency**

*Terry Jang* 

**Hands-on part: **

**15:30 Sending Money Abroad to and from Korea**

*Chris Williams* 

**15:45 Bitcoin Wallets on iOS **

*Jong Hun Kim *

**16:00 Getting paid as a freelancer in Bitcoin**

*Ben McDonald *

**16:15 Alternatives to Bitcoin: Alt Coins**

Jeff Paik, bitPremierS

**17:00 \~**  **After party and networking event** (details will be
announced later)

——————————————————————————————————

**Speakers**

**Ruben Somsen **

Ruben is a freelance translator that has lived in Korea for three years.
He is the organizer of the Seoul Bitcoin Meetup and knows a lot about
the technical side of Bitcoin.

**Jason Park, Korbit **

Korbit is South Korea’s first and largest Bitcoin exchange and wallet
company.  

**Evelyn Chung, Coinplug** 

Evelyn is Chief Marketing Officer of Coinplug, a Seoul-based Bitcoin
startup. Coinplug provides a Bitcoin exchange and wallet services, and
payment processor targeting Korean and Asian markets. 

**Terry Jang **

Terry is the owner of an e-commerce consulting company.

**Chris Williams** 

Chris is an English teacher who has lived and worked in Seoul for the
past 2 years. Before that he lived in the UAE for 2 years. He became
interested in bitcoin because it allows people to send any amount of
money, anywhere in the world, instantly, and for free. 

**Jong Hun Kim** 

Jong Hun is a korean Bitcoin user. He’s not a tech savvy guy, but is
really interested in the bitcoin ecosystem and is currently researching
and developing a Bitcoin fund. 

**Ben McDonald** 

Ben is a freelance web developer from New Zealand living in Seoul. Ask
him anything about Bitcoin and he will give you an answer (after first
asking Ruben what the answer is).

**Jeff Paik**

Jeff Paik is a writer for bitPremierS and co-founder of cryptocurrency
advisory group Coinvest.

——————————————————————————————————

On Twitter?
Follow [@Seoul\_Tech](https://twitter.com/FutureTenseNow) and
use \#CryptoCurrency.

FB? Follow us <https://www.facebook.com/SeoulTechSociety>

**Participants:  **

[Seoul Bitcoin
Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Seoul-Bitcoin-Meetup-%EC%84%9C%EC%9A%B8-%EB%B9%84%ED%8A%B8%EC%BD%94%EC%9D%B8-%EB%AA%A8%EC%9E%84/) 

[Coinplug](https://www.coinplug.com/home.do) 

[Korbit](https://www.korbit.co.kr/) 

[bitPremierS](http://www.bitpremiers.com/)


