---
title: Special Guest Speaker: ffVentures' John Frankel @Seoul, June 14
date: 2013-05-27
---
Our special guest speaker is John Frankel, who is a Partner at ff
Venture Capital. John will give a lecture:

*“YOU ARE SO LUCKY! The next great entrepreneurial opportunity: the
massive white space right in front of you.”*

{{fold}}

![event poster]({{images}}/frankel-poster.png)

**John Frankel ([Source](http://ffvc.com/team/john-frankel/))**

**![John Frankel photo]({{images}}/frankel-photo.jpg)**

John Frankel has been an early-stage venture investor since 1999. Mr.
Frankel was one of the earliest investors in Quigo Technologies, which
was purchased by AOL in December 2007, and in Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD
on NASDAQ) which had a successful IPO in March 2011. He has also served
and/or now serves on the boards of 500px, Apparel Media Group,
Alerts.com, Centzy, ClearPath Immigration, Gobbler, Infochimps, Klout,
Phone.com, Quigo Technologies, The Goldman Sachs Trust Company, and
Voxy. He is also a Mentor with the Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator
program.

In particular, he established Goldman’s Cayman offshore administration
business, their London global custody business, and reengineered their
global prime brokerage business. In capital markets, he worked closely
with some of the world’s leading hedge funds, and developed a keen
understanding of portfolio risk/return management. He started his
business career with Arthur Anderson & Co. in the audit and insolvency
divisions.

Mr. Frankel earned a Master of Arts from New College, Oxford where he
studied Mathematics, Philosophy and Logic, and is a Fellow Chartered
Accountant of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales.

Final agenda will be posted 5 to 7 days in advance of the meeting.

RSVP to this event
at [](http://www.meetup.com/seoul-tech-society/events/117773242/)<http://www.meetup.com/seoul-tech-society/events/117773242/>


